Welcome back my student in this lecture I'm going to give you some tips on the best hosting provider
out there that I found over the years.
I am also going to tell you why it's important to have a good hosting service and for those of you that
already have a hosting provider I just want you to look at this lecture because it's going to give you
insights on hosting services out there.
All right.
So if you go to your you know to Google here that's where I'm going and you're typing hosting it.
You got a whole variety of options here many options right would make your head spin.
We need a hosting provider in order for us to be on line and that's mandatory.
Now the worst part.
The complication here is that choosing the right provider for us right.
For those of you that have hosting I want you to just wait a minute or two.
Right now choosing the right provider for us needs has to do with the best customer service the best
software right and the best affordable one.
So those three things.
Now I found that over the years you know bitesize emotion hosed gator which are the biggest one dream
holes blowholes one in one.
I mean the best one that I found over the years is Go Daddy.
And if you go to my Web site Edwin Diaz dot com and you click on resources and you click on this link.
This is going to give you the biggest discount in the whole wide world.
All right you got to get one dollar a month hosting.
That's like 12 hours a year free domain and free See panel.
Now you hear this correctly.
See panel C-SPAN was like that.
The biggest thing you can have in hosting.
Right I am going to show you what what that is right now.
I already signed up for that count.
If you go to Web hosting once you sign in.
All right.
You're going to have this tax year and you click my account and then you go to web hosting that have
domains on this and then you click on the domain that you choose.
I'm going to show you a minute how to do that.
And you click manage.
I'll show you what's the panel is.
And then this is see panel see panel has like wizards for databases web applications software domain
configurations email Mattrick security.
I mean the whole nine yards.
And do you need it.
Yes you do need it.
All right.
This is something that is needed.
Why.
Because you've got a goal in grow over time and become a better developer and you don't need these tools
and you're going to need a way to set up applications really fast easy on.
Now let me show you the process if you go here to my Web site like I told you click on the link you
get the special for here and this is for one year right after the year if you want to cancel.
You can cancel it goes up a little bit but it's the best thing you can have.
All right is cheaper than any anybody out there anyhow see panel.
So I'm just going to type in any domain here just to show you.
So that way it is available.
How this is done.
Very simple you follow the prompt and this is because I already got I already got to hear it in my car.
I was doing this before so I need to remove.
I got I got two domains here.
That's the reason why he's doing that.
So let me just take this off here and take this off.
All right there we go.
So now I got the right one.
I was just doing this before in an old video and I messed up I had to go back.
But you should get something like this.
Twelve housing 18 cents and this is now I don't promise you this is going to be the hero of the time.
So you need to hurry up if you want to take advantage of this.
You're going to get economy Linux hosting we see panel $12 and that's all you pay.
You're going to have a whole year that you can mess around with.
And if you want to stay we go there you can.
All right.
Then you got to get your free domain which is usually $12 and accounts with Sopranos I usually like
six ninety nine and up.
Or something like that.
So take advantage of this for one year.
Right.
And once you go again you're going to see a panel like I show you you click manage.
You go to File Manager you go here and you're going to be able to see all your server files here.
Now you might not have a lot of server files because you're starting out a new account just like I have
a whole bunch of files here now right.
And I know he says one domain that you can only have one domain but I want to show you something.
I'm going to go to a couple of applications that I got on line and show you right now if I go to well-doing
College see a mess you can see that I have an application you have possumus system that we are making
and one of my courses right.
And then I have called College C.I. another application here and I have a whole bunch of applications
here.
I even have another application right here.
All right.
And I have another application here.
So it's only you're only going to have one server that you can steal one domain.
Right.
But then you can install many different applications you know in different folders like I am doing right
here I'm going to show you how to do that.
So take advantage of it I think is word for you and I'll see you in the other side in the next lecture
right.
Take care.